Emulator
https://docs.localstack.cloud/overview/

LocalStack installation
https://docs.localstack.cloud/getting-started/installation/

LocalStack SQS
https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/sqs/

Using LocalStack with Docker Compose
https://whattodevnow.medium.com/using-localstack-with-docker-compose-to-mock-aws-services-bb25a5b01d4b

Use wait-for-it.sh with LocalStack
https://github.com/localstack/localstack/issues/732#issuecomment-1438774446

How to fake AWS locally with LocalStack
https://dev.to/goodidea/how-to-fake-aws-locally-with-localstack-27me

Local Key Management Service (KMS)
https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/kms/

Local Secrets Manager
https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/aws/secretsmanager/

AWS CLI v2
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/

SQS Message Attributes Shorthand error
https://github.com/aws/aws-cli/issues/3637

PHP on AWS
https://aws.amazon.com/developer/language/php/

PHP SDK
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-php/

SQS code examples
https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/php/example_code/sqs

How to use the PHP AWS SDK with LocalStack.
https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/integrations/sdks/php/

localstack-aws-sdk-examples
https://github.com/localstack/localstack-aws-sdk-examples/tree/main/php/s3/s3-crud

Transparent Endpoint Injection
https://docs.localstack.cloud/user-guide/tools/transparent-endpoint-injection/

Create anonymous clients
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-php/v3/developer-guide/guide_credentials_anonymous.html

SQS overview
https://aws.amazon.com/documentation-overview/sqs/

Amazon Simple Queue Service Documentation
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sqs/

AWS Cli create queue
https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/sqs/create-queue.html

FIFO queues in Amazon SQS
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-fifo-queues.html

FIFO queue delivery logic in Amazon SQS
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/FIFO-queues-understanding-logic.html

Consuming messages using long polling
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSSimpleQueueService/latest/SQSDeveloperGuide/sqs-short-and-long-polling.html#sqs-long-polling

AWS service endpoints
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/rande.html

Lambda examples using SDK for PHP
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-php/v3/developer-guide/php_lambda_code_examples.html

Serverless Queues for Laravel on AWS Lambda (SQS)
https://github.com/christoph-kluge/bref-sqs-laravel

Serverless Snippets
https://github.com/aws-samples/serverless-snippets

Using Lambda with Amazon SQS
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/with-sqs.html

Amazon SQS Transport
https://github.com/php-enqueue/sqs
https://php-enqueue.github.io/transport/sqs/

sqs-simple (PHP)
https://github.com/tedicela/sqs-simple

Bref SQS asynchronous tasks
https://bref.sh/docs/use-cases/sqs

Symfony Hello world with SQS
https://github.com/brefphp/examples/tree/master/Symfony/sqs

Configuration from options array
https://github.com/basis-company/nats.php/blob/main/src/Configuration.php

AWS SNS vs SQS
https://ably.com/topic/aws-sns-vs-sqs

PHPUnit : How to force an environment variable in Unit Test ?
https://www.sudhanshubajaj.com/phpunit-how-to-force-an-environment-variable-in-unit-test/

